-It's not a race.
-No. Totally.
I have found that. um.
if you can just pull here. here.
Pull back. faster.
- Thanks.
- You know. Yeah.
Five hour--
-Sorry. that's my bad. Chef.
-No. all good.
Five hours till service. chefs.
Chef.
I was thinking. maybe.
whenever you want to. uh.
you know. tell the group
about what we decided?
Mmm.
You know. it might be good
if it came from you.
Like. as the leader.
but it was a decision we made together.
Y-Yeah. No. for sure. Thank you.
-That's nice.
-Cool.
Ted! It's not sucking!
- Shut the fuck up. Ted!
- What? It's a family whistle.
-Yeah. I'll… Okay. I'll-I'll hold.
-Natalie.
-Oh. sorry. Um…
-No. it's fine. I'm on hold. What's up?
I need my walkie-talkies.
Can I please have them back?
Stop fucking caw-cawing.
-I fucking hear you.
-I'm not.
I was coming down the fucking stairs.
You know I can't be
in water this deep alone.
-Please can I have them back?
-Richie.
-It's work-related. I swear.
-Richie. You promise
-you're not gonna do…
-I promise. I promise.
-We got a lot of work to fucking do.
-It's not sucking.
-What am I supposed to do?
-Let's push the water.
Push the water.
That's not doing anything.
-Just fucking give them to me!
-Okay. okay. okay.
-I got them! Yo. Faks. showtime.
-God. I'm already regretting this.
What do you think?
I think we light one.
I don't know. dude.
I think it's going to be fucked.
Dude. we're both across this.
We developed it. We built it.
We think it's a great dish.
so it doesn't matter what your dad thinks.
I gotta trust the line.
-What's the line?
-It's football.
A thing my coach used to say.
Everybody runs their route.
everybody does their job.
plays their game.
Collaboration leads to jazz.
Trust your teammates. Trust the process.
I like that.
Trust the candle.
- Yo.
- Chef. disaster has struck.
We are dangerously low on spoons.
-We shouldn't be.
-Someone's hoarding them.
Of course.
I should've seen this coming.
We got a goddamn thief in our midst.
A greedy hyena. but I am a fox.
You're goddamn right you are.
You smoke that motherfucker out.
Um. can you check the ribs for me
when you're done. please?
Chef. yeah.
I'll add fish sauce.
-Um. no. don't.
-Oh.
Yeah. no. Sorry.
Why… Why would you add fish sauce?
Oh. it's just. um…
Sauce is a little thin.
Okay. well. it'll reduce.
Yeah. totally.
Ted. where are you? Over.
I don't know. Over and out.
No. It's not "over and out."
Over and do your fucking job.
All this roof looks the same up
here. Richie. I-It's raining pretty bad.
Over and out.
Not "over and out." Ted.
I'm gonna swing on your fucking ass.
That's over and out.
- Chef?
- Yeah. yes?
I need to stretch the puree.
Water or broth?
Um… Butter.
Heard.
-Is it not butter?
-No. it's butter.
Okay. 'cause you looked and I think
you thought I didn't notice you looking.
But I saw you looking. If it's butter.
-you can just say it's butter.
-Sydney. it's butter.
Yeah. I know.
Want me to start aromatics?
-Are you done with everything already?
-Uh. yeah. but I had a head start.
- Chef.
- No.
Yes. yeah.
Talk numbers?
-Sure. I just have to finish up--
-You. Go. Numbers. I'll do it.
-Don't do numbers.
-You are not talking numbers.
No. I'm gonna finish the prawns.
You do numbers.
- Okay. look alive. boys.
- What do we got?
So. we have a dead zone between
the savory and sweet changeover.
And since we're not doing caviar.
do you think we could combine
course eight and nine as one?
I'm not looking at this as-as a downgrade.
I'm actually thinking upgrade. you know?
We make it spectacular.
Like we really just…
-We pound their table.
-Like we're spoiling them.
- Right.
And in actuality.
we want them to get the fuck out
so we can get people
the fuck off the clock.
Bait for the spoon thief.
Welcome to the New Jack City.
You're dead. bitch.
Is someone on the roof?
Richie. we're shutting off
the main line.
Can you hear this? Over.
I can't hear that.
I think I'm going off rope.
What rope? Over.
I'm going Days of Thunder. Rich.
I gotta do this.
I'm going off rope. buddy.
No. do not go off rope!
That is a direct order!
Do not go off rope!
Excuse me.
-Sorry.
-Mm-hmm.
-Excuse me.
-Oh. yep.
I'll cut this.
There you go.
Here you go. There's…
- Thank you. Chef.
- Yeah.
I think you might wanna
smooth those edges out.
-You know?
-Yeah. yeah.
Well. that's just the start.
I've gotta go down all the way.
Yeah. I'm just… Just. you know…
Detail.
Heard.
-I'm sorry.
-No. it's okay.
Um. I…
Do you know what?
-Yeah?
-Maybe. um… Maybe…
-I'm just gonna move that closer to you.
-Oh. okay.
Um… Is it okay if we
just have a little more space?
-Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah. Of course.
-Cool.
Just. like. physically…
Just. like. a little more space…
I feel like maybe
we're on top of each other
-a little bit. just. like. physically.
-Oh.
-A little more space.
-Okay.
-Yeah. yeah.
-Yeah. cool. Thank you.
Just. uh…
Okay.
Um… So if-if we are combining something
with the candle…
then it can't. like…
It can't be too sweet.
-Right. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Something refreshing.
-Mint.
-Mint is good. I like that.
-Mm-hmm.
Maybe with dark chocolate?
Okay. when I was a kid.
me and my family used to go
to see the tree up at Marshall Field's
before Macy's fucked it up.
Macy's fucked up Marshall Field's.
or Macy's fucked up the tree?
Both.
They just started making. like.
these cheap copies of them and…
Actually. know what?
They fucked up the colors too.
Like. look it up.
They added these weird pastels.
It was like this ugly pink.
The point is.
they had this huge 70-foot tree.
and at the bottom you could…
Like. people with money could have dinner.
and they had these mints.
-So. like a plate.
-Yeah.
-Oh. yeah. That tree is fucked.
Like. who does that?
-Looks like Whoville.
-Mmm.
Heat's too high.
You can't even see it.
Yeah. no. I can hear it.
Okay. well. I was…
I was heating up the pan.
Carm. the rain. it's about
to come down hard. like lizards.
-Dogs. I think you mean dogs.
-And… No. and cats.
Hey. uh. behind.
Syd. I talked to Marcus.
and he's gonna combine eight and nine.
-Yeah. great.
-Okay. cool.
And the water shut off.
just like when the water turns to blood.
Oh. sweetheart…
…you gotta stop watching scary movies.
It's not scary movies. It's the Bible.
Oh. fuck.
Jimmy.
what the fuck are air rights?
Air. Rights.
-It's the right to the fucking air.
-Thank you. Thank you very much.
I heard what you said.
I just don't know what the fuck they are.
You-You-You're so sweet.
- So. you don't remember selling them?
- No. Jimmy.
I've never heard
those two words said in unison ever.
Oh. shit.
D. this is my only shot. darling. Okay?
I need you to focus for me.
Oh. shit. shit.
Jimmy. I have to call you back.
We're fucked.
D.
Fuck me.
Maybe darkness comes first. and the boils.
- And hail. And lice. And the rain.
- Neil…
There's no more sun. There's no more moon.
-No more toothpaste.
-Neil.
Boogers. vomit.
-Actual ghosts. flying cars. vampires.
-Quit it.
- Cookies with razor blades in them.
- Quit it.
Dinosaurs will return.
The disease has ruined everything.
- We can't do this anymore.
- I rebuke the spirit in you.
- I found a tarp!
- Oh.
Basement or roof?
- Roof.
- Basement.
Basement?
-Basement.
-Carm?
Basement.
Chef. do you have any extra meat blood?
I need to paint the front door
to keep the demons out.
- I need you to get out of my sight.
- Carm?
- Yeah?
- If I go downstairs
and I come back up and you are a demon.
I swear on my mother and father's life.
I will destroy you.
-Do you understand?
-Yeah. thank you. I appreciate that. bud.
Chef.
Here. Ted! Goddamn it! Right fucking here!
Yo. we have a situation.
Nah. he's up there on purpose.
And he's not to go off rope. Over.
It's not Ted.
Are you ready. Chef?
- You wanna test it?
- Yeah.
-All right. team meeting.
-Yo. how we looking?
So let me preface this
that we all knew
that today was gonna be a hard day
when we came in here. right?
- Yeah.
- But this--
Do we have at least a-a turn?
Can you please say that
- we have at least one turn?
- Jeffrey.
We have at least one turn. Yeah.
-Okay.
-What does that mean?
Well. we have some reservations--
- And my 7:30?
- Oh. yes. of course. your 7:30.
- So what does it mean?
- Fuck.
Like a usual? Like a turn and a half?
A turn and a quarter 'cause of the rain?
-That some… and some more.
-How many more?
-Richie…
-What?
Just… We have another turn and a half.
-Excuse me?
-We're at three.
-Three.
-Three turns?
-Three turns.
-Three full turns…
- Three turns.
- No.
Yes. we are gonna
fucking maximize.
- No. no. no. We are gonna get destroyed.
- What's up?
-Oh. we're at three turns.
-Yeah.
-What? That's impossible.
-Check it.
- Why's everybody standing around?
- Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Richie. motherfucker.
we're at three turns?
- Why is everybody freaking out?
- Three fucking turns?
Cousin. you probably did
three turns all the time.
Yeah. no. absolutely.
at the best restaurant in the world
with 100 employees.
a lot of money. and 13 Lucas.
- We have none of that.
- But. to be positive…
-Shocker.
-…this is incredible.
-Yes.
-We need the money.
-Yes. correct!
-Yes.
We won't get the money
if we can't handle this.
We do not have enough food
for three full turns.
-Yeah. correct.
-Yes.
I understand that this is a lot of people.
I get that.
But we're gonna circle our wagons
and we're gonna turn this
into a champagne problem.
No. no. This is a champagne nightmare.
- We're at twice as much as we can handle.
- How does this even happen?
Well. either the system
just kept accepting tables.
or that many people
read Marcus's article or both.
and. yes. normally we would be so lucky.
-Oh. we are gonna get fucking destroyed.
-That's what I said.
Hey. Carmen.
I have very exciting opportunity.
Low overhead. high income. commissary.
commissary. commissary.
Uh. confidence.
Please don't interrupt me
while I'm talking to you.
I'm not fazed by your blue eyes.
-We have to turn business away.
-No. what are you saying?
-We cannot handle it!
-We are a dying business.
and we're gonna tell people.
"Yeah. we're fucked.
but we're not gonna
take your money"? Come on.
-I know. I know. it is insane--
-No. it's not insane.
- Natalie. it's ubatz. It's not insane.
- Okay.
-Okay.
-So. what do we do. Carm?
What are we gonna do.
Chef Sydney? What-What are we gonna do?
Yeah. uh…
This is not… …ideal.
but I think.
and I'm-I'm sorry that this is
also happening in front of everybody.
Uh…
Listen. I mean this…
…sucks and. uh. sorry that…
Yeah. Okay. this is what we're gonna do.
All right.
We're gonna keep our heads down. Yeah?
We're going to keep pushing.
- Yes.
- We got this.
- We're gonna keep driving.
- Yes.
We keep going.
We just keep… We keep grooving.
-Okay. yeah. man.
-Okay?
"I quit but let's keep grooving."
Sure. dude.
Sorry. Uh. that wasn't supposed to. um…
You quit. Carm?
Fuck me. Um…
I'm sorry.
I. uh. I'm sorry. That should not have
happened that way.
You don't believe in us?
-No.
-Don't think we can make it?
No. No. no. no.
No. it's not like that. um…
We thought it probably wasn't
a great idea to tell you guys today.
You know.
I-I thought it would be distracting.
But. you know.
we've been talking about this. um…
So what. are you leaving Chicago?
No.
No. I just… I don't think I should be
the head chef of The Bear anymore.
I love you all so much.
I just…
This isn't what I want to do anymore.
You know. this-this isn't what makes
me happy anymore.
Honestly. I-I-I don't know
if it ever made me feel that happy.
And this thing. uh…
I don't know if I could even ever be
really good at this thing
because I don't love it.
And I look at you all.
And you love it so much.
Right? And I just… I wanna feel that way.
About something… I just…
I want to wake up and I want
to feel that way about something.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
And I'm sorry.
Carm quit.
Whoa.
What the fuck?
You're quitting?
That's convenient timing. Nephew.
I tried calling you.
It was in the new agreement that I sent.
You-You sent me an…
Why would I read an agreement?
You no longer have a business
for which to make agreements.
You go fuck yourself.
- Jimmy. Jimmy. that's strong language.
- No.
James. James.
That's not what this is right now.
Um. hey. so we're all aware
there's a man on the roof. right?
-Yeah. that's not a man. that's a Fak.
-Copy.
- Where? Why?
- Oh. we dried out the walls.
but there's some dangerous pooling on the
roof. so we gotta move on to phase two.
- Naturally.
- Don't worry. he's gonna be fine.
Listen. you guys.
we are all gonna be fine.
Okay?
Right? Right. Syd?
Yeah.
We're all gonna be great.
Okay?
Now. four hours and 15 minutes to service.
- Chef.
Thank you. Chef.
Heads down. Let's fucking drill.
Sorry.
I thought we were gonna tell 'em together.
I mean. me too. I don't know. I just…
…got annoyed.
I know. I just… I was trying to help.
No. yeah. but…
I wasn't asking for your help then.
Why. you don't trust me?
You don't trust me?
You said you wanted this.
Okay.
That was before the…
flooding and the leaks
and the reservations explosion
-and the chaos and the micromanaging--
-I know.
Look. I'm sorry that I micromanage.
That is not cool.
and I will stop it. okay?
You know. at UPS. I had to make sure
that drivers only did right turns.
Why could they only turn right?
'Cause it conserves fuel.
and when you save fuel.
more drivers can use the car.
You've been. like. doing wheelies
and doughnuts and telling
everybody else to do the same.
But. like…
we are out of gas.
And you're not the only driver…
…you know?
Yeah. I hear you.
But you need to be
on top of it now. Chef. Okay?
No hesitation.
No giving a fuck what I have to say.
all right? You are in charge.
Okay.
New sets.
Uh… I'm sorry. what is this?
I don't know what I'm looking at.
I don't mean to be an asshole. I'm just…
-I don't know.
-Plates.
- Oh.
- Squares is vegetable or starch.
and circle's protein.
That is…
- better.
- Nat?
Hey.
Just so you are aware. new sets.
Oh. great.
You two good?
- No.
- Yeah.
Okay. So. normal.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Chef?
- Yes?
- Chef.
-Stop… mmm.
-Goddamn it. Sorry.
- Guys.
- T. uh.
that's not the way that I-I wanted
that to happen. you know what I mean?
Jeffrey. I do not have
the mental capacity for goodbye right now.
- Heard.
- Sydney…
- Yes.
- …we need some kind of starch
or something for family.
Yeah. uh. whoa.
what do we even have left?
- Tons of brussels.
- Great.
-Can you roast those. please?
-I'm on it. Chef.
Thank you.
Think you can maybe help me with this?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Okay. chefs.
Uh. listen up. everybody.
I know that it was a bit of a rocky start
this morning.
yeah. but. um. that's… that's okay.
A lot of it was out of our hands. right?
And. um. I think that we will be okay
if… if we just…
we forget about it. honestly.
Uh. it's a new day.
Let's vow to-to-to start over
and start over together.
Nothing else can go wrong
if we have each other. right?
I promise you everything will be fine.
We will just focus up
and-and-and-and stick together. and--
- Oh. my God!
- Fucking Christ!
Guys. I fell through the roof.
- Did you see what I just did?
- Yeah. We heard you. Ted.
- We see you. Yeah.
- I need my brother.